Albert Camus

Always go too far, because that's where you'll find the truth

Don't walk in front of me, I may not follow
Don't walk behind me, I may not lead
Walk beside me and just be my friend

In the depth of winter, I finally learned that within me there lay an invincible summer.

Man is the only creature who refuses to be what he is.

Nobody realizes that some people expend tremendous energy merely to be normal.

Live to the point of tears.

You know what charm is: a way of getting the answer yes without having asked any clear question.

The only way to deal with an unfree world is to become so absolutely free that your very existence is an act of rebellion.

When I look at my life and its secret colours, I feel like bursting into tears.

Real generosity towards the future lies in giving all to the present.

In the midst of winter, I found there was, within me, an invincible summer.

Autumn is a second spring when every leaf is a flower.

The purpose of a writer is to keep civilization from destroying itself.

Always go too far, because that's where you'll find the truth

People hasten to judge in order not to be judged themselves.

Seeking what is true is not seeking what is desirable.

If something is going to happen to me, I want to be there.

What is a rebel? A man who says no.

There is scarcely any passion without struggle.

Freedom is nothing but a chance to be better.

You can't create experience, you undergo it.

Where there is no hope, it is incumbent on us to invent it.

The absurd is the essential concept and the first truth.

The truth is that everyone is bored, and devotes himself to cultivating habits.

I know simply that the sky will last longer than I.

Nothing in life is worth,
turning your back on,
if you love it.

We are all born mad, some remain so.

It is better to burn than to disappear.

Art and revolt will die only with the last man.

I shall tell you a great secret my friend. Do not wait for the last judgment, it takes place every day.
